# CSE 110 W20 Team 35 Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Objective: Brainstorm Part 2

**Date: Thursday 1/28/2021**  
**Start Time: Zoom 4 pm PT**  
**End Time: 5 pm PT**  
**Attendees (Name, Role):**  
1. Nidhi Giridhar
2. Sydney Wong
3. Jasmine Chen
4. Alejandro Malanche
5. Alejandro Marquez
6. Ian Rebmann
7. Zachary Chan
8. Samuel Burkholder

**Absent (Name, Role)**:  
1. 

## Agenda: 
  1. Discuss research on other pomodoro timers
  2. Narrow down list of features
  3. Decide on MVP
  4. Research how we should (technically) implement features
  5. Reminder: look ahead at assignments for next week

## Completed Tasks (from previous meeting):


## Pending Business (from previous meeting):
  

## Notes, Decisions, Issues: 
  * Notes from research
    * some apps have default number of pomos
    * austomatically roll into pomo then break then pomo etc.
  * MVP Features
    * timer aspects
      * reset = restarts the current pomo
      * stop = stops timer and all future pomos planned for the session
      * start
    * notfications
      * 2 tones (one for pomo end, one for break end)
      * banner notifications
    * default number of pomos for the day
    * visual counter for pomos completed so far (for the day)
    * static explanation of pomodoro
  * We are putting user profile idea on hold
  * Stretch features
    * High
      * task input: ability to hit 'finished' after a task is done and pick next task to do, user can finish early
      * progress bar showing how long you have until long break (reset once long break is hit)
      * put main task on the screen
      * make instructions non-static
    * Medium
      * keyboard controls (start, stop, reset, finished)
      * different colors for pomo and break
      * customizable time limits
      * reminder to walk around during break
    * Low
      * incentives: earn points for every pomo completed (store data on local browser)
      * points unlock certain features
      * daily/weekly progress
  * API research
    * everyone will posts research/links/resources in #resources channel on Slack

## TODOs: 
  * Add roles to rules  
    * Sydney
  * Figure out standup meeting time
    * Nidhi
  * Make separate repo for standup/daily progress log
    * Nidhi
  * Upload Miro images to repo
    * Nidhi
  * Read material/links on Cavnas brainstorming assignment
    * Everyone

## To discuss at next meeting:



  