# CSE 110 W20 Team 35 Meeting Minutes
 
## Meeting Objective: Testing Discussion
 
**Date: Thursday 2/11/2021** 
**Start Time: Zoom 4 pm PT** 
**End Time: 4:45 pm PT** 
**Attendees (Name, Role):** 
1. Sydney Wong
2. Ian Rebmann
3. Nidhi Giridhar
4. Alejandro Marquez
5. Jasmine Chen
6. Samuel Burkholder
7. Zachary Chan
 
**Absent (Name, Role)**: 
1. Alejandro Malanche
 
## Agenda:
  1. Figure how we are going to do unit testing
  2. Decide on folder structure for source files
  3. Update on naming conventions
  4. Discuss HTML format so that CSS team can start working
  5. Potential move auto start of timer to later sprint
 
## Completed Tasks (from previous meeting):
 
## Pending Business (from previous meeting):
 
## Notes, Decisions, Issues:
 * unit testing
   * everyone does their own testing on their own components
   * we will use github actions to to run the tests
   * we will assign one person to make sure the tests look consistent across the repo
 * folder structure
   * all in source
   * individual js files per components (for now)
 * variable/function names
   * camel case
 * HTML format
   * non CSS team members need to get together combine html stuff by Sunday
 * we are moving auto start on timer to the next sprint
 
## TODOs:
 * write doc explaining format for unit testing
   * Nidhi
 * figure out documentation action
   * Sydney
 
## To discuss at next meeting:
