# CSE 110 W20 Team 35 Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Objective: Mid Week Sprint 1

**Date: Wednesday 2/3/2021**  
**Start Time: Zoom 4 pm PT**  
**End Time: 5 pm PT**  
**Attendees (Name, Role):**  
1. Sydney Wong
2. Ian Rebmann
3. NIdhi Giridhar
4. Alejandro Marquez
5. Jasmine Chen
6. Alejandro Malanche
7. Samuel Burkholder
8. Zachary Chan

**Absent (Name, Role)**:  
1. 

## Agenda: 
1. Discuss purpose of tasks feature
2. Discuss which features we should get rid of/add
3. Potential adjust sprints/project roadmap
4. Each “team” discusses the progress of their tasks (ADRs, system diagrams, interface)
5. Discuss pipeline implementation and decide on pipeline leads
6. Plan project pitch

## Completed Tasks (from previous meeting):

## Pending Business (from previous meeting):
  * who is leading pipeline stuff?

## Notes, Decisions, Issues: 
  * Tasks
    * static task list
    * use side panel instead
    * independent of timer
    * panel holds modules that have task name, description, number of pomos estimated for the task, checkbox for if it's completely
    * tasks can be reordered
  * Timer runs infinitely
    * start
    * reset: restarts the current pomo -> screen shows time of 25 minutes -> user has to press start to start count down
    * alert at end of long break asking if they are still working
  * Project roadmap changes
    * sprint 3: keyboard controls, nonstatic instructions, progress bar, reminder to step away from screen, screen color changes
    * sprint 4: task list, customizable time limits
  * Interface thoughts:
    * get rid of in progress screen
    * move pomo streak to corner of the screen
    * task panel opens from the right
    * we are going to decide later if we are doing progress bar
    * decide how much of the page the instructions tab will cover when it is expanded
  * Pipeline team
    * Jasmine, Ian, Sydney
  * Implementation research team
    * Alejandro Malanche
    * Alejandro Marquez
    * Nidhi Giridhar
  * Javascript style guidelines
    * method headers
    * variable names
  * Project pitch
    * role of tasks and timer
    * target audience - explicitly connect personas to features
    * will take place this weekend (~30 min)

## TODOs: 
  * Add roles to rules  
    * Sydney
  * Figure out standup meeting time
    * Nidhi
  * Make separate repo for standup/daily progress log
    * Nidhi

## To discuss at next meeting:





  