## Meeting Details

- Date: April 05-11-2022
- Time: 3pm - 4pm


## Notes

- [Sprint Retro](https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/amVlZ2gzc3ZPNTA3ZTN1YzVFcHlaU1lPSDBEeDRuTVBwN2VLOEl3cmo3S29BYjhFTXgxSUZqSk1neHJGOHdrQ3wzMDc0NDU3MzU3NDQ4MzYyNTAz?share_link_id=776728890233)
  - Continue doing standups
  - Merge more often or merge dev to feature branch locally to prevent merge conflicts down the line

- [UI Redesign Ideas](https://xd.adobe.com/view/19ecfd56-28ef-4ac6-bd1a-0cf400170cbd-4cbf/screen/7cf14922-8f69-4a36-b420-c2cc116e8b5b)
  - Look through them and add comments to it
  - task list in side navbar vs modal
  - side navbar is nicer but can be added to backlog cause modal is easier to implement
  - if anyone has free time, they can research how to implement the side navbar

- CI/CD Pipeline
  - linting is set up
  - test PR to production branch list

- Task list (Jasmine, Tim, Mudit)
  - Finished all the functionality
  - Fixed all the bugs that Tim found via manual testing
  - Started jotting down test cases

- Multi-language support was implemented (Tim)

- Timer customization (Elysia and Allan)
  - Added sliders for time ranges
  - Added different alarm sounds
  - Looking into customized keyboard shortcuts
  - Looking into background music

- Task list team will help CSS team refactor and also implement CSS for task list feature; can also pick up other issues if they have time