## Meeting Details

- Date: May 05-16-2022
- Time: 2pm - 3pm


## Notes

- Presentation
	- 2 Groups for each TA will present on Tues
	- The rest will present on Thurs
	- Presenting early there is a slight incentive to
	- Biggest check in you will do till the Final check in

- Grading
	- Thurs is the last day to hand in the papers and grades
	- Remove bonus point from naming 2 more incremental methods

- Updates on team progress
	- Pipeline essentially finished
	- Merging issues with many branches
	- Task list essentially done
	- UI change is going smoothly
		- General layout is fine
		- Need to work on color scheming and fonts
		- https://samliu000.github.io/cse110-w21-group16/source/index.html
		- Could add skins to timer
		- Diagram info model

- What to do (Sanat)
	- Get structure of application done first
	- Then afterwards work on the finer details like font, color, animations, etc.
	- Work on PWA after current features are implemented
	- New features should be low on the list for now

- Powell is the Stakeholder and User of the project
	 - Logical thing to do is talk with the customer and stakeholder to see what they want
	 - Only 2 teams bothered to check in
	 - Owe it to yourself to speak to your customers and stakeholders

- Discussion
	- Will go over status update
	- Live demo (actual deployment build)

## Timeline

- Tues/Thurs presentation
- Thurs grading due
	- Fix bonus point
